[Music]
guys it's a wig it's a wig
what oh wait YouTube is a lie you're a
fake Sarah you're a fake you just can't
trust these internet content creators
online anymore they just liked reviews
they lied for the click bait the click
bait so honestly this was so so so thing
but I didn't realize that it wasn't
obvious until I posted that video I did
get a haircut yeah I got three and a
half inches cut off the hair is the same
color and kind of the same style after
got my haircut a day it was all wet and
unstyled so I was like this will be
funny I'm going to get a wig and very
sarcastically make a funny joke or
something and wear it throughout the
whole video tada and so I thought by
like moving it around in the video and
just being super sarcastic um and then
also I put a note in the description
about it you guys like no it was fake it
was so so fake um but once you guys
actually thought it was real
and I'm realizing so I'm a very very
sarcastic human sarcasm does not
translate the best through the interweb
maybe it just doesn't translate well at
all towards like people in real life
maybe I need to start being less
sarcastic I was honestly amazing to see
how you guys reacted some of you were
like oh honey
oh but a lot of you guys are like wow
cool new hair color Sarah looks great ah
like y'all are so supportive
thanks my homies thank you it's good to
know if I just want to go crazy one day
and dye my hair cut it all off you know
you guys will still be there for me
right right
but anyways I'm in New York City some
friends are in town because something
that happened last night which I will
share soon let's go brunch
can we go brunch by the way have I told
you guys in a while I love you guys PG
fans like Picchu BAM what do you
just finish a brunch
honestly where my favorite spot cook
shot in Chelsea
you have the High Line literally right
there yeah and I can't right we're here
in the middle of Times Square looks
overwhelming was amazing and it totals
about your challenges you're a youtuber
I make in London UK and I do videos
mostly about sex in relationships
yeah like education
I did I'm like not even remotely on the
same level as why she is out there
crushing and killing ever seen Chelsea
Market we're going to check out to help
DeMarcus yeah
fun fact and you could space us actually
right in the middle of Chelsea
Market it's like a hidden a hidden
elevator post shorty awards thought I
attended the shootie worth last year I
was a last living in Nashville Tennessee
and little did I know a couple months
later I would pick up everything moved
to New York City and really embark on
this YouTube journey last year I went as
a chick who made a viral video about a
youth I am Casey and I said this year I
went as a nominee for vlogger
of the Year crazy I was in the same
category as amazing human beings like
Eric Conover Monica Church david dobrik
of course david dobrik took it home but
it was such an honor to be in that
category with all those amazing amazing
individuals it's like someone pin you me
because life is crazy it was such an
honor to be there and hang out with all
of my youtube friends and catch up with
people like Casey I feel like I need to
make a video with him soon it will
happen eventually
it'll happen eventually BAM but it's
good to catch up with him I got to meet
Taylor tutela
hate Ella she's basically the amazingly
talented young dancer who had this crazy
dance video go viral when she was 11
years old she presented she's 13 now her
composure on stage and just how she held
herself she was so sweet I had a small
conversation with her chewed on the
nicest people I met that night Karlie
Kloss was there she talked a lot about
her foundation code for clock or code
with claw C code coding clásico ting it
was classy she's just so cool she's tall
and beautiful and smart and she's
crushing it on so many levels I kind of
want to do something with her so I am an
ex computer science major and her coding
with class evening is basically
encouraging women young girls to code
and get into programming so I feel like
I feel like there's some overlap there
maybe we'll see something in this
who knows I met Simone the giddy robot
maker chick so nice
another dream collab on my left you know
maybe I'll make it happen next time I'm
in San Fran Internet
I love the other nut all of the creators
a tent all of you guys
future creators aspiring creators yay
yay internet han Boop also I was super
bummed that John could join me on the
keel carpet and that it was fun to have
India there's my black jumpsuit buddy we
matched yours okay obviously it would
been awesome have John here but work has
to be done he's making moves in LA right
now I know and you guys are Apple watch
bands I have a lot of people who want to
give me Apple watch bands but the only
reason why I'm hesitant is because the
first time I ever bought a third party
Apple watch man
it got dumped on my watch and I had to
use one of two Apple cared replacements
and I had to replace my Apple watch
edition because of the band and I was
like never again well I by a third party
band oh my gosh it's been actually
matched but perfectly was not wearing
them I mean these are cute all right
this one is actually really cute
[Music]
ma nowhere if I didn't get a guarantee
from you guys that it won't get stuck on
my watch I will wear as it is thank you
thank you this is the only use for my
utensils I don't cook so let's open up
packages with my size so this stuff is
from the peak at polar Pro I think
you're kidding me in default which will
be nice so indeed filters make an image
darker it's like a filter that you put
over your lens to this allows you to
keep a reasonable s stop and shutter
speed and then it will manually darken
it be a filter this comes in handy when
you're outside shooting a drone it will
max out out its f-stop it will still be
too bright so we'll up the shutter to
like 2,000 or something but that's when
you're really drinking drone footage
displays you're shooting 24 frames per
second you want to keep the shutter
speed double that so you want one over
15 knots one over 2,000 so ND filters
help you with this the crappy ND filter
that I bought on Amazon just don't work
it freaks begin while and they don't
work so I'm hoping that these like polar
Pro ones helps me out of it
well these are very aggressively big
sticker polar Pro
okay so here are the ND filter okay they
look a little bit smaller so hopefully
they will freak out my drum the larger
the number the darker filter is family
so if it's not that bright maybe you put
on it in the board it is insanely bright
and you really really need to darken
your limbs you would use like an NB 32
when I go to nd filters on big cameras
it really helps to have the ND filters
that are variable and so you can
actually adjust how much light to
darkness you want with just one filter
they are more expensive but they're so
handy because it's really annoying
having to swap out between different ND
filters you anticipate oh yeah this is a
case for the magic just like that I'm
actually going to Tribeca Film Festival
tomorrow with my homies at Adobe maybe I
should bring my drunk and put up the
drone and down the world the festivities
are happening
I am super stoked because I've never
been to Tribeca filibus
I've never honestly been to any film
festivals like that I've been a buffer
fest
but that is for youtubers so this is
like grown-up people making grown-up
movies so you'll definitely see a video
from that sometime this week but hey
guys thanks for hanging out with me
today let me know if you like a food the
subscribe button down below if you have
not yet become part of that peachie fan
my helmet
jpg' okay
[Music]
yes
you